update foundry verification (#481)
rsksmart/devportal: rif/identity/mvp/index.md

## The MVP

> The RIF Identity MVP is a project that lasted 3 months. The objective was to develop a basic model putting into action the different tools known today in the field of self-sovereign identity:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The RIF Identity MVP has the objective to develop a basic model putting into action the different tools known today in the field of self-sovereign identity:
```
